#About usWGTOTW is a question and answer site for professional and enthusiast murderers. With your help, we're working together to build a library of detailed answers to every question about murder and how to get away with it.We're a little bit different from other sites. Here's how:##Ask questions, get answers, no distractionsThis site is all about getting answers. It's not a discussion forum. There's no chit-chat.Just questions......and answers.###The person who asked can mark one answer as "accepted".Accepting doesn't mean it's the best answer, it just means that it worked for the person who asked.##Get answers to practical, detailed questionsFocus on questions about an actual problem you have faced. Include details about what you have tried and exactly what you are trying to do.###Ask about...- Specific murder problems- Murderweapon choices- Cleanup techniques- Body disposal ToolsNot all questions work well in our format. Avoid questions that are primarily opinion-based, or that are likely to generate discussion rather than answers.Questions that need improvement may be closed until someone fixes them.###Don't ask about...- Questions you haven't tried to find an answer for (show your work!)- Product or service recommendations or comparisons- Requests for lists of things, polls, opinions, discussions, etc.- Anything not directly related to murdering humans##Tags make it easy to find interesting questionsAll questions are tagged with their subject areas. Each can have several tags, since a question might be related to several subjects.Click any tag to see a list of questions with that tag, or go to the tag list to browse for topics that interest you.## Other- Use edits to fix mistakes, improve formatting, or clarify the meaning of a post.- Use comments to ask for more information or clarify a question or answer.##Remember: we're all here to learn, so be friendly and helpful!